In this lesson, we will add an additional button, when you click on which, the game will close.
In the header file of the widget menu, add a new property. Let's call the button QuitGameButton.
And also add a callback function - OnQuitGame.
We create the body of the function.
We need an additional header file Kismet / KismetSystemLibrary.h
This library contains a convenient helper function that allows us to shutdown the game.
Add a callback to our new button's OnClicked delegate.
The function from the library that allows you to complete the game process is called QuitGame.
It has several parameters:
The first is the World Context Object - we pass a pointer to the current instance. The second is the playercontroller, in the view we get the pointer to it using
the GetOwningPlayer function.
Next, you need to pass an enum element called EQuitPreference.
We pass Quit. And the last parameter is not important for us. Let's set it to true.
We compile the project.
Copy the size box containing the start game button.
We will align from the top right edge. Set the position value to 0.
We also set the x alignment to one. For size box, set size to content to true.
Let's add some margins, x = -50.
For y, just 50. Slightly reduce the size: let it be 200 by 50.
Change the text on the button to Quit.
Set the font = 20.
And let's make the width even smaller, let it be 150.
Call our button quit game button.
We start the game. Click on the button. The window closes. Everything works.